image with; This is for a Hidden Object Game I am developing, so some images are Slideshow images displayed between levels. And some are the Background of the level, these I will Hide Objects on, and they will be static. The game is a Zombie Survival Hidden Object Game, so the images I am hiding objects on, can be dark.I should also mention that the game is a Solo white Male that is early to mid 30s. He is not miltary, doesn't have military equipment. He has Ragged Old cloths, and a backpack, he has been hiding in his house for 6 months, but he has run out of supplies, so he is kind of terrified, deperate, determined, and hungry. the zombies are traditional looking, and have red glowing eyes.

I need a image of 1; Inside a house, Living area, that is Well Stocked with Food/Water/supplies. 2; I need an image of the Same Inside the house, showing the supplies has been used and almost totally gone. I will hide items in image 2.
I need a image 3; of A man, walking through a subdivision, it should be in a bad state, crashed cars, buring houses in the background, Random Zombies seen in the distance, Destroyed Military vehicles. 4; I also need an image of that neighborhood, but there is a crashed box truck, with some supplies spilling from the back in the middle of the street. There should be some zombies near the truck, meandering around. I will hide items in image 4
I need image 5; entering a Dark Wooded area just as the sun is setting on a Rural dirt road, Dense Trees, Dark. and 6; A dead man laying on the dirt road, in the dark woods, A tent is set up, a Backpack is open with possibly useful items spilled from it, zomibies in the back ground, This is the scene I will hide some items in image 6.
i need image 7; I need the man crawling into the basement of a house through a small window set at ground level. the house has been abandoned a long time so the yard and is overgrown, the house is intact, but dirty and becoming worn from sitting empty. then i need Image 8; inside the basement of the house, shelves, items people store in basements, etc. Image 8 is where I will hide items. 
I need image 10, This is the entering a Highschool through a side door, and walking into a school hallway. image 11 is that same hallway, entering the school cafeteria to search for food, and there is a crawling zombie janitor. Image 11 is a place I will hide items.
i need image 12; looking in rooms of a empty hospital that has been looted many times. image 13; the operating room of the hospital, with the operating table, etc. there is a menacing zombie nurse in here with you. I will hide items in image 13. 
I need images of a large, concrete wall, inside a city. This wall is 50 feet high, and I am standing at the base of the wall. Image 14; I need an image that is me seeing the entrance to the safe zone, but a large Zombie dog steps between me and a large door that is the entrance. the dog is still far away but does notice me. then 15, the zombie dog and I get closer as I am trying to reach the safe zone door. Image 16; I am running along the wall, trying to find the entrance, I see an military ambulance, destroyed, but with some supplies scattered around it. This image 16 I will hide Items. image 17, the zombie dog is all that stands between me and safety. A shot of the dog, menacing, red eyes, Large and hairy, Drooling and snarling. then image 18, Just when I think it is the end, Well equipte military storm out of the gate, shooting the dog, and pulling me inside. image 19, the military personel protect me, and escort me to safety, I am looking back at the gate, like I can not believe the ordeal is finally over. 